adjust resources to CamelCase (#14991)
kyma-project/kyma: README.md

  - Downloading additional tools modules with the `go get` command

- Kubernetes basic skillset:

>   - Understanding basic [Kubernetes architecture](https://shipit.dev/posts/kubernetes-overview-diagrams.html) and basic concepts such as: Namespace, Pod, Deployment, Secret, ConfigMap, ReplicaSet, Service, CustomResourc Definition, Kubernetes Control Loop; understanding Kubernetes Design Patterns such as sidecars and init containers

Reviewer: `CustomResource`

Author: Thank you for spotting this!

>   - Understanding basic [Kubernetes architecture](https://shipit.dev/posts/kubernetes-overview-diagrams.html) and basic concepts such as: Namespace, Pod, Deployment, Secret, ConfigMap, ReplicaSet, Service, CustomResourc Definition, Kubernetes Control Loop; understanding Kubernetes Design Patterns such as sidecars and init containers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Understanding basic [Kubernetes architecture](https://shipit.dev/posts/kubernetes-overview-diagrams.html) and basic concepts such as: Namespace, Pod, Deployment, Secret, ConfigMap, ReplicaSet, Service, CustomResourceDefinition, Kubernetes Control Loop; understanding Kubernetes Design Patterns such as sidecars and init containers
```
